Add install info to GIS applications (#1723)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/apps/snap.md

```SNAP - ESA Sentinel Application Platform v{VERSION}, http://step.esa.int```

##  Acknowledgement

##  Acknowledgement

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

> SNAP was installed on Puhti with Singularity using the [Docker image provided by mundialis on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/mundialis/esa-snap) with some small additions to provide snappy and snapista Python interfaces. The Singularity definition file can be found in [CSCs singularity-recipes reposiory](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSCfi/singularity-recipes/main/snap/snap_py.def). The container was then wrapped with [Tykky](../computing/containers/tykky.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SNAP was installed on Puhti with Singularity using the [SNAP Docker image provided by mundialis on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/mundialis/esa-snap) with some small additions to provide snappy and snapista Python interfaces. The container was finally wrapped with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md). The full [SNAP Singularity definition file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSCfi/singularity-recipes/main/snap/snap_py.def). 
```

```SNAP - ESA Sentinel Application Platform v{VERSION}, http://step.esa.int```

##  Acknowledgement

##  Acknowledgement

Please acknowledge CSC and Geoportti in your publications, it is important for project continuation and funding reports.
As an example, you can write "The authors wish to thank CSC - IT Center for Science, Finland (urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072531) and the Open Geospatial Information Infrastructure for Research (Geoportti, urn:nbn:fi:research-infras-2016072513) for computational resources and support".

## Installation

SNAP was installed to Puhti with Singularity using the [SNAP Docker image provided by mundialis on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/mundialis/esa-snap) with some small additions to provide snappy and snapista Python interfaces. The container was finally wrapped with [Tykky's wrap-container functionality](../computing/containers/tykky.md#container-based-installations): `wrap-container -w /usr/local/snap/bin,/usr/bin snap9_py.sif --prefix install_dir`

The full [SNAP Singularity definition file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CSCfi/singularity-recipes/main/snap/snap_py.def). 

> ### References

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## References
```
